docs: Conceptual docs for Load Balancing and Rate Limiting (#6088)
envoyproxy/gateway: site/content/en/latest/concepts/introduction/rate-limiting.md

- **Implement Entitlements:** Define API usage limits based on user identity or role.

## Rate Limiting in Envoy Gateway

Envoy Gateway supports two types of rate limiting:

- **Global Rate Limiting:** Shared limits across all Envoy instances.
- **Local Rate Limiting:** Independent limits per Envoy instance.

Envoy Gateway supports rate limiting through the BackendTrafficPolicy custom resource. You define rate limiting rules and apply them to HTTPRoute, GRPCRoute, or Gateway resources either by directly referencing them using the targetRefs field, or by dynamically selecting them using the targetSelectors field, which matches resources based on Kubernetes labels.

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
Rate limits are applied per route, even if the `BackendTrafficPolicy` targets a `Gateway`. For example, if the limit is 100r/s and a Gateway has 3 routes, each route has its own 100r/s bucket.
{{% /alert %}}

---

## Global Rate Limiting

Global rate limiting ensures a consistent request limit across the entire Envoy fleet. This is ideal for shared resources or distributed environments where coordinated enforcement is critical.

> Global limits are enforced via Envoy’s external rate limit service, which requires a separate service component (commonly backed by Redis). When a request is received, Envoy sends a descriptor to this external service to determine if the request should be allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global limits are enforced via Envoy’s external Rate Limit Service, which is automatically deployed and managed by the Envoy Gateway system. The Rate Limit Service requires a datastore component (commonly Redis). When a request is received, Envoy sends a descriptor to this external service to determine if the request should be allowed.
```
